# vaccine-India
An analysis of the Govt of India's official memos on vaccines and immunity during the Covid-19 pandemic

This corpus is collection of memos from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in the Government of India. 
They were accessed here:https://www.mohfw.gov.in/ The government has released many memos over the course of the COVID-19 pandemic dealing from how to social distance to how to dispose of dead bodies of infected persons from the home. This corpus though contains documents specifically about vaccines, vaccine hesitancy, vaccine access, and immunity. The five texts that are included pretty span the 10 months that vaccines have been rolled out in India. From oldest to newest they are ayush, ID, elderly, nationalGuidelines, and pregnantWomen. I tried to to address five separate issues pertinent to vaccination in my choice of texts. Ayush deals with immunity, specifically home remedies and Ayurveda and immunity. The government seems to be promoting certain home remedies as able to help safeguard somewhat against Covid. ID is about government policies outlining how migrant populations without IDs can still access vaccines. Elderly is about special plans for vaccination drives to be accessible to the elderly and differently abled populations. NationalGuidelines is the most broad, encapsulating the broad guidelines of the govt of India with respect to its vaccine policy. Finally, pregnantWomen outlines the health risks pregnantWomen might face if they take the vaccine.
These are government documents, so the language is straightfoward but inelegant. There are no idioms or other illustrative or flowery language. The text plainly means what it says.
In my analysis, I hope to discover state attitudes towards vaccination. Is it trying to persuade people to take the vaccine? How can the rhetoric of public health reflect state control and power? Are certain groups being marginalized? After all, government organized vaccination is a political project--one which brings to the surface crucial and fraught questions of state power, civic duty, and individual autonomy.
